>> Steve Kinney: So one of the attacks,
which is I have, I think,
example code in here, but I don't think
we're gonna talk about it too much because
it's we're getting to the point
of somewhat esoteric, but
interesting is an attack
called tabnabbing.
And tabnabbing is like conceptually
kind of super interesting, but
also a little bit weird.
Where basically, like I said, it can
be an iframe that you can send a post
message to or
it can be any window that you spawned.
Right and this is why when we saw that
Chrome tried to block that pop-up,
it's effectively thinking about this.
So what tabnabbing does is it effectively,
if they can get the code into your site so
there's got to be a lot of times
some slightly nefarious code or
if they are very clever with an iframe,
they can make it look like your site for
a second, which is basically they
open a new tab with some other page.
It doesn't even really matter what it is,
and
then have like a window.setTimeout,
to like swap it to like a very legit page.
But that connection is still
there they can still like,
there's still a reference from
the old page to the new page and
it's basically trying to distract you for
a second.
Again, this comes down to
user manipulation, right?
Distract you for a second and then swap
the page where they still have a reference
to their attacking codes, like in
a setTimeout, or something like that, or
setInterval, and doing stuff while
you're navigating your page.
The thing I sent you before about either
the frame options, the CSP header or
busting out of the frame will save you
from those attacks as well, right?
So it's kind of a if you don't
think you're gonna be framed.
[LAUGH] It's not an intentional pun,
I promise.
Having some amount of settings
in that case as well.
If you choose to frame stuff so
I have to do this thing in our app, and
I don't actually know
how I'm gonna do it yet.
But we have this idea that users want to
be able to when they're looking at some of
their workflows, I work around work on a
workflow engines look at their workflows,
they wanna have links that they embed in
there, the link to their systems, right?
So they can go see that ID,
so on and so forth,right?
So theoretically, I have to load dynamic
content into the page which does
theoretically expose me to a wide
range of these attacks, and
I'm not sleeping well because of it.
So our current plan is basically there's
not only can you load an iframe, but
you can load an iframe with this thing
called sandbox set as a CSP header,
which means nothing.
You can't even submit forms in there,
right?
And so my plan is basically
take the content as markdown,
strip out most things, allow no HTML,
sanitize it one more time.
And then basically load it as
a completely sandbox iframe with only
the links that will theoretically work.
The other thing for the tabnabbing that
will give you another layer of protection,
and I'm just gonna write this in a scratch
area over here is you had window top.
For a frame you have window dot opener for
the child window that was
opened that can talk back
to the other one if all of your links
>> Steve Kinney: Have
like there is no opener, right?
The child window cannot communicate back
to the window that's spawned it, right?
So now, if someone does do this attack and
opens up your site, or
something along those lines,
you've broken the link.
This strips the referrer tag so
these are things you might consider we
talked a lot about like
stripping stuff out of HTML,
but we might also consider
adding stuff into our
HTML.to break that kind of connection
between frames and windows as well.